To get a server with apache and php, for instance, you can get a debian lenny server at rackspace.

RACKSPACE
---
Now ssh to it, and run (hitting enter to pick default options where necessary):

	sudo apt-get update
	sudo apt-get upgrade
	sudo apt-get install libapache2-mod-php5
	sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 restart

AMAZON EC2
---
A public AMI is setup to get you started fast:
- go to AWS, in the EC2 tab click "Instances" and "Launch instance" 
- under the "Community AMIs" tab, search for "ami-5a15ed33" (or 
"unhosted" for that matter but let's be precise) 
- Select the one that shows up there and continue through the step to 
launch an instance. (check AWS doc if necessary) Just make sure to 
select a micro instance if you want to take advantage of the free 
tier. 
(NB: for safety reason, you might want to ssh to the machine and remove the line in /root/.ssh/authorized_keys that doesn't correspond to *your* key. Make sure not to delete your own key, you wouldn't be able to log back in! Not doing that won't change anything, but it could technically leave a backdoor to the author of that AMI (Timothee). Unlikely but it needs to be noted.)
Once you go to the public DNS for that instance, you should see the 
install.php page and be ready to go.

-o-

If you want to do the installation yourself, do the following:

You can set up an Amazon EC2 instance that is eligible for the free tier the following way. These instructions use a Debian Lenny but it should be adaptable to different flavors fairly easily.
In your AWS Management Console, start a new instance and select AMI ami-9a6b9af3. This is a base installation of Debian Lenny that is eligible for the free tier. (see AWS website for details)

Once started, ssh into it and run the following commands: (apt-get can be used instead of aptitude, also depending on the user you log in with, you might need to add sudo in front of all of them)
	aptitude update
	aptitude upgrade
	aptitude install apache2
	aptitude install php5
	/etc/init.d/apache2 restart

If you go to the public DNS name of your server, you should see "It works!".
You can now continue with the SDK installation described in HELP-UPLOADING-THIS-SDK.


In both cases, you need to make sure you start the instance with a security group that allows for HTTP requests.

Note that this will use the EC2 instance as storage, not S3. At this point, this is mostly for testing purposes.

OTHER OPTIONS
---
Although Rackspace and EC2 seem to be hard to beat, there are also other hosting providers. If you have any experience with them, please add instructions for each one here.
